To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, we can use the object-oriented programming principle model, which provides reusable classes that can be easily modified and adjusted to fit our needs. Hence, it is important to follow best coding practices that will keep the code simple and readable in the future or in cases where a different person is using or working on it. For example, the CRUD Python model could be easily modified to connect the front-end interface to any different MongoDB database by swiftly modifying the connectivity string.
Therefore, the existing code can be reused in future projects by reading the embedded documentation, comments, annotations, or docstrings.
Hence, as a computer scientist, we can approach a problem by reusing existing code created by you or any other programmer while also crediting them for their completed work. This approach saves precious development time and costs, as the existing code has already been tested and verified.
With this in mind, the software could and should be developed incrementally by looking at the larger picture while keeping in mind the final goal and ensuring it addresses all stakeholders' requirements. For example, in future projects, I could split the full-stack development project into smaller sub-projects, test the functionality of each layer individually, and finally, after all pieces are complete, logically structured, and functional, they could be combined into the complete functional code that complies with best coding standards.
For these reasons, computer scientists must have a broad vision and a clear understanding of user needs while always considering a handy and straightforward user interface, security, and efficiency because the created code could be used in a broad spectrum of applications, including life-saving or health-critical spheres.