# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
The project shows principles and best practices used to develop high-quality software while also assessing the impact of communication, documentation, and ethics on the SDLC by applying the Scrum-Agile development environment.
The Sprint Review and Retrospective (CS 250 Final Project.docx) paper reflects how I interpret user needs and implement them into a program by understanding the user needs and engaging with stakeholders through constant communication with the product owner, user interviews, and Scrum ceremonies. 
The paper reflects my team collaboration while attending daily standup meetings where team members update each other on the progress and their plan for the day and the rest of the Sprint. Continuous feedback and maintaining clear and effective communication with my team members helped my team translate stakeholder requirements into "user stories," which were delivered through frequent releases in small increments. 
After each Sprint, we conducted a Sprint retrospective that helped our team improve, adapt, and adjust to stakeholder feedback. The Scrum-Agile methodology taught me to be a good team member by sharing my work with my colleagues, keeping constantly open communication channels, contributing to the team effort, helping my counterparts, and commenting on possible improvements that benefit the team and the user experience. Therefore, I developed an approach to incorporate Agile processes by focusing on adaptability, continuous improvement, and team collaboration. In my future development, I will incorporate Agile processes such as sprint planning, sprint reviews and retrospectives, managing flow, and visualizing work in progress through Kanban boards and digital tools like Jira. I will adopt the test-driven development model to ensure quality development from an early stage. By applying these Agile processes, I will maintain flexibility, keep delivering value to my company and the end users, and constantly improve both the product and the development process.
